The present time has one advantage over every other - it is our own."""Charles Caleb Colton
Sorrowful and great is the artist's destiny."""Franz Liszt
While I relish our warm months, winter forms our character and brings out our best."""Tom Allen
Our admiration of fine writing will always be in proportion to its real difficulty and its apparent ease."""Charles Caleb Colton
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds."""William Shakespeare
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory."""Josh Billings
Art must take reality by surprise."""Francoise Sagan
Bigotry murders religion to frighten fools with her ghost."""Charles Caleb Colton
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb."""Laurence Sterne
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion."""Miguel de Unamuno
First appearance deceives many."""Ovid
Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other."""Rainer Maria Rilke
The flower is the poetry of reproduction. It is an example of the eternal seductiveness of life."""Jean Giraudoux
If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners."""Johnny Carson
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know."""Louisa May Alcott
What force is more potent than love? """Igor Stravinsky
Philosophy and Art both render the invisible visible by imagination. """George Henry Lewes
If you're naturally kind, you attract a lot of people you don't like. """William Feather
Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook. """Oliver Goldsmith
I hope to live all my life for my art, without abandoning my principles one iota. """Gustave Courbet
Love is being stupid together. """Paul Valery
The present time has one advantage over every other - it is our own. """Charles Caleb Colton
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds. """William Shakespeare
Sorrowful and great is the artist's destiny. """Franz Liszt
There are lots of people. """AdityaDasamantharao
I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight. """Rita Rudner
Nature has no principles. She makes no distinction between good and evil. """Anatole France